{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Text 4: Theodore Nott had been eagerly awaiting his invitation to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from the very beginning. He knew he was special, believed in it. He had always taken pride in his family. Theo grew up as an unassuming, calm, and intelligent child, but with a keen desire to achieve the best, clever enough. And, as the son of the Notts, how could he not end up in Slytherin? When he turned 11, he received the coveted letter to the wizarding school, and in September, after the sorting ceremony, he found himself in the Snake House. He liked everything about it: the aristocratic common room, most of his classmates (except Crabbe and Goyle), the head of the house, and the subjects. Theo developed a great fondness for Potions and Transfiguration, believing that they were essential for life and the future. Any subject could be transformed into what you desired. Pansy Parkinson also hailed from a pure-blood wizarding family. From childhood, she was told to look perfect, know how to flirt with men, and, above all, seek wealth. Pansy was very intelligent herself, but despite her beauty, she had apparently heard many different nicknames in kindergarten and elementary school. The most offensive was "Pug." Well, she didn't look like one; it was just a detail kids used for insults. But in Slytherin at Hogwarts, you wouldn't hear such things. Pansy understood from the first days that Draco Malfoy was obviously the best option for her, both as a friend and in hypothetical relationships. In the future, of course. She loved Ancient Runes and Divination; she enjoyed dueling and exploring aspects of the future. And runes were always interesting to lay out: you never knew what answer they would give, whether it would be Gebo with Wunjo or something else. The years passed, Theo and Pansy grew up. Now it was the fifth year, they were 15, the first exam... Now, instead of "Pug," the girl heard the occasional very quiet "slut," and Theo suddenly began to hear "womanizer," although he just preferred studying, didn't invest much in relationships, because grades for the O.W.L.s were much more important, so it never came to intimacy. So, initially, they judge based on appearance, and then they see an almost emotionless guy. And Pansy just got used to Draco, got used to the fact that he didn't care about her, just occasionally drank, but never allowed herself to kiss someone else or, worse, intimacy. Neither paid much attention to rumors, just lived and continued to prepare. And finally, all O.W.L.s were passed with grades above expectations, and the sixth year began. Theo and Pansy didn't interact much before, but they got along quite well. There was never any misunderstanding between them. And both occasionally noticed each other's successes and good qualities. One day, they both sat on the lawn in front of the castle. There was still an hour before classes; Transfiguration was supposed to be next. Theo had mastered non-verbal spells, so his cup easily turned into either a tangerine or a plate. \'95 How do you manage that? - suddenly asked Parkinson. \'95 She had problems with this Transfiguration spell. So, she definitely needed help, and Theo usually didn't refuse. \'95 It's quite simple if you repeat not only the words and movements but also know what you want to get from the subject in the end. What it should be like, what smell, taste, color, textures... \'95 Everything you say sounds so simple, - the girl sighed, - but I just can't... \'95 Want me to prove that it's really easy? And also, - here Theo smiled, - a bright and beautiful girl, resembling a star, certainly won't mind having a reason to rejoice. Flowers for the lady? \'95 The girl snorted. Clearly, he was flirting, but at the same time, it was beautiful, and he was teaching. \'95 Okay, but the flowers should be worthy of me. \'95 Of course, princess, - the guy looks for the nearest tree branch, finds it, takes it, frowns slightly, while imagining beautiful black orchids that would suit Pansy, - Orchideus, - Theo said, after which the wand from the branch turned into exactly the bouquet Nott wanted. He handed her the bouquet with a smile.}