{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Text 3: Harry lay on the bed. His vacant gaze barely registered the movements of a spider crawling across the uneven, dusty ceiling. Where was he? Why had he been transported here directly from the battle with the remnants of the Death Eaters? And what were those familiar voices coming from behind the door? He could clearly hear Aunt Petunia cooing at Dudley in the kitchen. He was back at the Dursleys', back in the cupboard. It was curious why Aunt Petunia was speaking so sweetly to her already grown-up son. Something else seemed strange to Harry, but he couldn't figure out what. He needed to get out of here. The Dursleys wouldn't be thrilled to see him, but there was nothing to be done. He just needed to quickly explain everything and escape while they were still in shock. Harry reached for his glasses, which were usually on the bedside table. Standing up, he bent down to avoid hitting his head on the ceiling, but suddenly realized that his body had become smaller. With just one look at himself, the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement in Britain understood that he was ten years old again. A lanky build, Dudley's old clothes hanging on him like a sack, and short stature. This wasn't right! He forcefully opened the door and burst into the kitchen. There was a pile of presents, and Uncle Vernon, with his still ungrayed mustache, disdainfully looked at his nephew over the morning newspaper. \'97 Why are you dawdling? \'97 he barked. \'97 Since you're awake, go help Petunia with breakfast! Don't ruin the holiday for us. Holiday? Harry looked again at the pile of presents. Dudley's birthday! And there were only thirty-six presents in that heap. Is it all starting over again? Did he die on that mission and get a second chance? Then, during the trip to the zoo, he would be able to talk to that snake again. Even if he had to go through all the trials again, he was ready. Dudley entered the room. As expected, upon seeing the presents, he immediately asked how many there were. \'97 Thirty-eight! \'97 proudly replied Uncle Vernon. \'97 We'll buy one more today when we go to the city. Dudley, with a satisfied face, started tearing the wrapping off a new watch. It hit Harry like a Bludger in the head. How... thirty-eight? Why was there no tantrum? \'97 Why are you standing like a statue? \'97 Aunt Petunia's high-pitched voice came from behind. \'97 Get dressed quickly; I've prepared a costume for you. I can't leave you alone, so you'll come with us. Harry slowly turned to her. So, he was going after all? He overheard the adults talking yesterday that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, and now he would be able to go. Why yesterday? No, that conversation should have taken place this morning, after the present tantrum. \'97 How long are you going to stare at me? \'97 Uncle Vernon lost patience. \'97 Get dressed quickly; guests have already arrived. And don't you dare embarrass me today! Harry quickly got dressed. He met Piers, Dudley's friend. On the way to the city, they taunted him, as expected. Then came the fruity ice cream. Only it wasn't lemon, but for some reason cherry-flavored. And then the zoo. But he still couldn't hear the snake's voices, and it didn't understand him either. On the way home, he pondered. He would find out everything tomorrow when the letter arrived. But the letter did not come. Not the next day, not the day after. Hagrid did not visit him on his eleventh birthday. Harry didn't go to Diagon Alley or Gringotts. And only on September 1st, crossing the threshold of "High Camerons" school, the Boy Who Lived, with tears in his eyes, admitted the obvious. It was just a dream.\
}