{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Text 2: Morning of the twenty-fifth of December in the most enchanting place in England. Outside, large snowflakes were falling, creating small glittering snowdrifts. Next to the beds of the young wizards, gifts were already lying, delivered by the house elves of Hogwarts during the night. Some received books, some decorations, some handmade sweaters, and someone got just a single napkin. The decision on what gift to give to their master was made by the elves themselves. However, those who received completely strange things discussed it with slight dissatisfaction with those who, for example, received at least socks for Christmas. Well, Christmas at Hogwarts! Vacation. The decorated School of Witchcraft and Wizardry created a festive atmosphere. Everyone wanted to hurry and join their families to celebrate this holiday. Harry kindly helped his friends pack. He, however, stayed at school. This time, the people remaining at Hogwarts for the holidays could be counted on one hand, including the teachers. "Are you sure you don't want to come celebrate with us?" Ron clarified before leaving the room. "Mom would be happy to see you..." "Yes," Potter said shyly and quietly, not wanting to dwell on this topic any longer. The Weasley family was hosting a full house of guests this year, and Harry didn't want to crowd them. There were only a few hours left until the departure of the Hogwarts Express. The last hugs with Hermione and Ron, before the start of classes, were accompanied by congratulations and good wishes. Somewhere deep down, Harry wished they could celebrate this Christmas together in Hogsmeade, but the understanding that his friends would like to be with their families was stronger. Time was flying by swiftly, just like the train that had departed a few minutes ago. The light sadness for friends and the feeling of loneliness dissipated on the evening of Christmas, spent in the Great Hall, already adorned with twelve enormous Christmas trees, decorated with garlands and candles. During the Christmas feast at Hogwarts, magical snowflakes fell from the enchanted ceiling. They didn't melt at all, and each one could be examined more closely. Harry liked the intricate patterns on the snowflakes. He watched with interest every one he managed to catch. The gaze of the young wizard caught the dance of the magical snowflakes. They seemed to lead him. Harry found himself in his room without even realizing it. A letter lay on the bedside table. Quickly opening it, Potter took out a small piece of paper and an amulet resembling a coin. The paper had only one word - "Save," written in a handwriting that was too familiar, a handwriting that Harry had seen hundreds of times. It was James Potter. The style of this young man would never be mistaken. An engraved train was on the bronze amulet. This train was not like the Hogwarts Express. It was gloomy, old, and completely untrustworthy. The coin shimmered, pulling Potter along. In just a few minutes, the boy stood in front of that very train. As if this amulet wanted to bring Harry here. Fate itself was telling him - "Save." What if his biological father really needed to be saved? What if this matter concerned the entire world? The coin led the wizard to the conductor's cabin. His eyes caught the round recess where the amulet fit perfectly. The train started moving in an instant; Harry didn't even have time to think about where it was leading and what kind of train it was. There was no way to escape now... His mind clouded. Harry woke up outside the train at the station. The surroundings were familiar, but the people around seemed like they were from another era. Melancholy hung in the air. The wizard took the letter from his pocket and reread its contents, remembering how he ended up here. However, when he turned to the railway tracks, he didn't see the train that likely brought him to this station. Harry remembered that vaguely. "Save..." he said aloud and quickly headed towards his old home. His breath was uneven; he was in a hurry. Potter didn't care how the letter was sent to him, given that his father had been dead for a long time, and what kind of express arrived and took him away. Right now, all that echoed in his mind was this "Save." From what? Why? When? It was warm in his house. Shadows of people were clearly bustling, preparing for Christmas. Maybe this was a miracle? Perhaps this was the Christmas when Harry could celebrate it with his family? Just one day... The boy quietly opened the door, forgetting even the courtesy of knocking, as thoughts of a family holiday took precedence. "Mum?... Dad?" he whispered, closing the door behind him.}